README.md, before:

# TownyPlus

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus/Build/master?style=for-the-badge)](../../actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
[![GitHub release (latest SemVer including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus?include_prereleases&label=release&style=for-the-badge)](../../releases)
![Modrinth Game Versions](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/game-versions/aeinfinitybooster?style=for-the-badge)
![Modrinth Downloads](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/dt/aeinfinitybooster?color=GREEN&label=MODRINTH%20DOWNLOADS&style=for-the-badge)

[![bstats Servers](https://img.shields.io/bstats/servers/14161?style=for-the-badge)](https://bstats.org/plugin/bukkit/TownyPlus/14161)
![Polymart Downloads](https://img.shields.io/polymart/downloads/2057?color=GREEN&label=POLYMART%20DOWNLOADS&style=for-the-badge)
![Polymart Version](https://img.shields.io/polymart/version/2057?style=for-the-badge)
![Polymart Rating](https://img.shields.io/polymart/rating/2057?label=POLYMART%20RATINGS&style=for-the-badge)
[![Spiget Downloads](https://img.shields.io/spiget/downloads/79903?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/splugintemplate.79903/)
[![Spiget Rating](https://img.shields.io/spiget/rating/79903?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/splugintemplate.79903/)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus?style=for-the-badge)](https://codecov.io/gh/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Support Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/816686637849378857?logo=Easy%20SMP&style=for-the-badge)](https://2v1.me/discord)

Built with love with being modern in mind.

> View the plugin on [SpigotMC](https://github.com/Silthus/minecraft-server-template), [PolymartMC](), [Bukkit]()

## Features

TownyPlus was built to be new and modern. All these features here are meant to show that. 😎

* **Bridagier** Support, which means autocomplete for [Geyser](https://geysermc.org) players 🎮
* [VentureChat](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/venturechat.771/) support for listening for messages with
  ProtocolLib (WORK IN PROGRESS)
* [TownyChat](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/TownyChat) support for listening for messages, no dependencies needed (
  WORK IN PROGRESS)
* [Update checker](https://github.com/JEFF-Media-GbR/Spigot-UpdateChecker) that is beautiful
* Metrics so you can track how many other amazing people are using this plugin
* Fully integrated [**semantic-release**](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/) release pipeline
* Automatic [**changelog generation**](https://github.com/semantic-release/changelog) based
  on [conventional commit messages](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)
* [**Github Actions**](https://github.com/features/actions) workflow for build and release
* Publishing of **maven artifacts** to [GitHub Packages](https://github.com/features/packages)
* Automatic updates to Bukkit via GitHub Actions, never miss an update again
* Automatic updates to Polymart via GitHub Actions, never miss an update again

Please read the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting any pull requests or opening issues.

Commit message:

docs: specify download methods [skip ci]

README.md, after:

# TownyPlus

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus/Build/master?style=for-the-badge)](../../actions?query=workflow%3ABuild)
[![GitHub release (latest SemVer including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus?include_prereleases&label=release&style=for-the-badge)](../../releases)
![Modrinth Game Versions](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/game-versions/aeinfinitybooster?style=for-the-badge)
![Modrinth Downloads](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/dt/aeinfinitybooster?color=GREEN&label=MODRINTH%20DOWNLOADS&style=for-the-badge)

[![bstats Servers](https://img.shields.io/bstats/servers/14161?style=for-the-badge)](https://bstats.org/plugin/bukkit/TownyPlus/14161)
![Polymart Downloads](https://img.shields.io/polymart/downloads/2057?color=GREEN&label=POLYMART%20DOWNLOADS&style=for-the-badge)
![Polymart Version](https://img.shields.io/polymart/version/2057?style=for-the-badge)
![Polymart Rating](https://img.shields.io/polymart/rating/2057?label=POLYMART%20RATINGS&style=for-the-badge)
[![Spiget Downloads](https://img.shields.io/spiget/downloads/79903?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/splugintemplate.79903/)
[![Spiget Rating](https://img.shields.io/spiget/rating/79903?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/splugintemplate.79903/)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus?style=for-the-badge)](https://codecov.io/gh/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Support Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/816686637849378857?logo=Easy%20SMP&style=for-the-badge)](https://2v1.me/discord)

Built with love with being modern in mind.

> View the plugin on [SpigotMC](https://github.com/Silthus/minecraft-server-template), [PolymartMC](), [Bukkit]()

> You can download the latest build without signing in to GitHub [here](https://nightly.link/BrycensRanch/TownyPlus/workflows/gradle/master/release-artifacts.zip). Keep in mind that these builds are not tested and may be unstable. They're also generated by GitHub Actions, so, it has all the drawbacks of you having to go to the build/libs folder in the zip to get the release artifacts.
> If you're already signed in to GitHub, you can skip this hassle and going to our latest release [here](/releases/latest).

## Features

TownyPlus was built to be new and modern. All these features here are meant to show that. 😎

* **Bridagier** Support, which means autocomplete for [Geyser](https://geysermc.org) players 🎮
* [VentureChat](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/venturechat.771/) support for listening for messages with
  ProtocolLib (WORK IN PROGRESS)
* [TownyChat](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/TownyChat) support for listening for messages, no dependencies needed (
  WORK IN PROGRESS)
* [Update checker](https://github.com/JEFF-Media-GbR/Spigot-UpdateChecker) that is beautiful
* Metrics so you can track how many other amazing people are using this plugin
* Fully integrated [**semantic-release**](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/) release pipeline
* Automatic [**changelog generation**](https://github.com/semantic-release/changelog) based
  on [conventional commit messages](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)
* [**Github Actions**](https://github.com/features/actions) workflow for build and release
* Publishing of **maven artifacts** to [GitHub Packages](https://github.com/features/packages)
* Automatic updates to Bukkit via GitHub Actions, never miss an update again
* Automatic updates to Polymart via GitHub Actions, never miss an update again

Please read the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting any pull requests or opening issues.
